1	31会议	31Event			31会议，中国领先的会议科技服务商，隶属于上海八彦图信息科技有限公司。公司创办于2010年，总部位于上海，在北京、深圳、杭州、广州、西安、成都、苏州设有办公室及技术服务中心，业务辐射全国。公司致力于会议产业，依托互联网及移动技术，以提升会议品质与效率为公司使命，通过PC与移动端，帮助用户真正实现会议更轻松、更高效、更成功。	31 Event, a subsidiary of Shanghai Bayantu InfoTech Limited, is China's leading event technology provider. The company was founded in 2010. Headquartered in Shanghai, 31 Event has offices and service centers in Beijing, Shenzhen, Hangzhou, Guangzhou, Xi'an, Chengdu, Suzhou, covering business throughout mainland China. The company is committed to revolutionize event management with internet and mobile technologies. It is our mission to improve the quality and efficiency of your events, so that you can manage your event even more easily, more efficiently, and more successfully through computers and mobile devices.	http://www.31huiyi.com/
2	247科技				247科技是中国领先的专注于微软生态的科技公司。公司由来自中国和挪威的移动互联网精英于2013年联合创立。247科技在创立之初即获得Microsoft Ventures项目支持，拥有中国最大的Windows10广告网络、MR研究团队和国内顶尖的游戏研发团队。	247 Technology is the leading technology company in China devoted to Microsoft ecosystem .Since founded in 2013 by mobile internet elites from China and Norway. Supported by Microsoft Accelerator  ,247 Technology holds top game R&D team、MR research team and largest Windows 10 promoting network in China.	http://www.247-china.com/
3	那个网络	emerge			那个网络是一家聚焦于全新场景体验的互联网科技公司，现有主营业务涵盖创意广告会展，步入式场景网络和为探索未来交互方式成立的以太实验室。自2014年公司成立以来，先后获得真格基金百万美元级天使投资、戈壁投资过千万Pre-A轮风险投资，在场景网络技术体验领域居于世界前列。	Emerge is born to bring the next generation internet experience. With innovative technologies and idea, Emerge expanded its business in event advertisement, Contextual Network™ and interactive devices. Established in 2014, Emerge has attracted over $2.5MM USD venture funds from Zhen Fund, Gobi Partners and other investors.	http://emerge.cc/
4	GLG格理集团	GLG (Gerson Lehrman Group, Inc.			GLG格理集团是全球领先的专业知识分享平台。商业领袖﹑投资人﹑咨询顾问﹑社会企业家等各界顶尖专业人士通过使用格理集团的长短期专业服务， 向全球超过500,000名行业领先专家获取专业知识和意见。在严格遵守合规框架的基础上，通过对话﹑指导﹑小组会议﹑调研及其他形式的互动，客户与格理集团共同合作从而解决其面临的最复杂的战略性挑战，制订更好的商业决策并在事业上取得更大发展。全球性﹑技术驱动性﹑灵活性是我们的特征，格理集团有大约1,200名员工分布在12个国家的22间办公室。	GLG (Gerson Lehrman Group, Inc.) is the world’s leading platform for professional learning. Business leaders, investors, consultants, social entrepreneurs, and other top professionals rely on GLG to learn in short- and long-term engagements from a membership of more than 500,000 experts. Clients partner with GLG to address their most complex strategic challenges, make better business decisions, and advance their careers through conversations, mentorships, small group convenings, surveys, and other interactions—all within a rigorous compliance framework. Global, technology-driven, and nimble, GLG’s approximately 1,200 employees work in 22 offices in 12 countries.	http://glg.it/cn/
5		M5Stack			M5Stack是一种面向产品级开发的标准化开源套件，区别于一般开发板专注于功能与性能，它更注重于成果的应用场景，在产品整体设计、物理结构、扩展方式以及软件框架上做出了大量提升，使开发用户轻松实现“研发即产品”	M5Stack is an open source suite for product development, different from the general development board to focus on function and performance, it pays more attention to the output of application scenarios, in the overall design, product structure, physical expansion mode and software framework has made a lot of improvement, to facilitate users to achieve product development.	http://www.m5stack.com/
6	海恩思	HISENS			我们公司成立于2016年4月。HISENS是研发ED监测智能硬件的。它能够帮助阳痿患者和医生制定个性化治疗方案。它能够在睡觉时实时采集患者的生理数据，传输到医疗云，进行专业的数据分析及诊断。从而为阳痿的定性及治疗方案的制定提供最科学的依据。能最大程度的降低患者在治疗期限内无数次的往返医院进行相同检测，所耗费的时间及货币支出成本。	Our company was established in April 2016 。HISENS is developing ED monitoring smart hardware. This hardware helps ED patients & Doctor to develop individualized treatment solutions.Our product is able to collect the physiological data of the certain patient in real time while he is asleep, and transmit the data to the medical cloud, then offer a professional data analysis and diagnosis, so that it can provide the most scientific evidence for the decisions of the treatment plan for ED.It maximizes the reduction of  the cost of money and multiple times of patients going to the hospital for testing.	
7	深圳市森克普科技有限公司	Secope Technology Inc.	AMS酒精远程实时监控系统	“AMS”Alcohol Monitoring System	深圳市森克普科技有限公司是一家专业从事气体传感应用的科技型企业。酒精远程实时监控系统通过智能酒精测试仪监测员工酒精体征数据并上传至云平台，使管理部门在系统中实时监控与高效管理，以有效防止员工酒后上岗。	Secope Technology Inc.is a professional company that produces gas sensors and application on smartphones.We are focus on developing personal health and environmental monitoring solutions. “AMS”Alcohol Monitoring Systemrealize a Real-time& Remote supervision solution by Ness’ breathalyzer and management software.AMS is a cloud-based system that automates the alcohol testing process and real-time alerts, it can be customized to fit a variety of needs or programs and put drunk driving to an end.	
8	杭州高新区（滨江）国家海外高层次人才创新创业基地	 National Innovation and Entrepreneurship Base for Overseas High-end Talents Hangzhou High-tech Zone(Binjiang) 			杭州高新区（滨江）国家海外高层次人才创新创业基地（简称海创基地）是由杭州高新（滨江）区政府直接管理物理园区。园区重点引进和培育国家、省级 千人计划 专家创业企业和 5050计划 入选企业入驻。目前，已有155高科技企业入驻海创基地，其中有英飞特电子、万高科技、思科涡旋等25家 千人计划 专家创业企业。	Supervised by Hangzhou High-tech Zone(Binjiang) Government, National Innovation and Entrepreneurship Base for Overseas High-end Talents mainly focuses on introduction and cultivation of 5050Plan enterprises and enterprises established by experts of One Thousand Talents Plan both at National and Provincial level. At present,155 high tech enterprises have settled in the Base, among them there are 25 enterprises established by experts of One Thousand Talents Plans, such as Inventronics, Vango Technology, ScrollTec etc.	
9	幻行科技	Hangzhou vrgao Co., Ltd			杭州幻行科技有限公司是一家专业提供线上运动场景、游戏、网上竞技、训练设计等软硬件整体方案的科技公司。目前，公司依托强劲的技术实力，精心研发出了好玩又刺激的VR游戏内容，让用户在VR体验馆、电子游艺厅或网咖等都能享受到沉浸式的体验！	Hangzhou vrgao Co., Ltd. is a technology company which is professional to provide software and hardware overall solutionon online sports scene, games, online sports, and training program. At present, the company relies on strong strength in technical force, and is meticulously developed out of fun game content, allowing users to enjoy the immersion experience in the VR experiencemuseum,electronicentertainmentvenues or Internet cafes, etc.	http://www.vrgao.net/
10	杭州若联科技有限公司	RobSense Technology Co.Ltd			杭州若联科技有限公司由欧洲海归博士组建，在机器人控制和计算机网络领域拥有多项专利和创新技术，核心产品致力于为工业客户提供高性能无人机飞控模块和无人机整体解决方案。我们聚焦在人工智能技术在工业物联网，无线通信和嵌入式计算领域的应用，开发高可靠性、高性能、高集成度的机器人核心组件。	RobSense Technology Co.Ltd is located at Hangzhou, P.R.China. With expertise on robotics and computer networks, core products released by RobSense include next generation flight controllers and UAVs solutions for industry customers. Our products are enabling smart and connected appli-cations driven by mobile artificial intelligence, Industrial IoT, and embedded Computing.	http://www.robsense.com/
11	杭州易途吧信息科技有限公司	E Trip			易途8--境外中文专车服务平台，主营境外接送机与包车游，为出境国人提供安全、便捷、高品质的出行方式。目前业务已经覆盖全球110多个国家，1000多个城市，注册中文司导12万余名，累计为120万国人提供了出境用车服务。	E Trip- Overseas Chinese limousine service platform, the main service includes airport transfer and charter services. Our mission is providing a safe, convenient, high quality travel mode. Our business covers over 110 countries, and over 1000 cities now. In total of 1.2 million Chinese customers have benefited from our service in foreign countries.	
12	无中生有咖啡	BIGBANG COFFEE			无中生有咖啡是宁波首家创业咖啡，也是宁波最大的创业社区，专注于打造宁波创业的窗口。我们通过各类主题活动链接了7000+的创业者、创业导师和投资人，促成项目、资源和资本的对接。截止2015年，我们已促成10个创业项目对接资本近1亿元。	Bigbang Coffee is the first startup cafe and biggest startup community in Ningbo. We connect more than 7,000 founders, mentors and investors though events which bring together startups, resources and venture capital. To date, we have helped 10 startups get venture capital of almost 100 million RMB.	
13	沃尔兹曼（北京）科技有限公司	Based			沃尔兹曼（北京）科技有限公司位于北京清华科技园，源起于国家级科技企业孵化器启迪之星，是一家全球性便携交通领域的技术研发型企业。公司最新推出的6公斤级激战地铁侠电动滑板车是目前全球同型产品中最轻的，续航高达25公里。公司在宁波还建有全资现代化制造工厂，拥有灵活而高效的制造实力。	Based in Tsinghua Science Park, Voltzmann Technology is a technology company specializing in portable mobility. The newly launched METRO series is the lightest electric scooter in the world, which weighs only 6 kilos and can run 25km per charge.	
14	成都思迈徳医疗器械有限公司	smart med			创业团队以自主持有的 催化发光预诊断分析技术 为基础，打造高效肺癌早期筛查平台。我们的气体检测技术（VOCs）突破了传统癌症检测手段的漫长、昂贵、入侵性等不利因素，具有成本低、普适性、无创取样、无放射性的特点。	Based on our own  catalytic luminescence pre-diagnostic analysis technology , we create a high-efficiency way of earlylung cancertest. Our volatile organic compounds (VOCs) test technology breaks through traditional cancer examination methods, and has the characteristics of low cost, universality, noninvasive and no radiation.	
15	看呗				看呗是一款基于社交的移动互联网广告分发APP，旨在打破传统广告支出分配方式，将广告主与受众有机链接，依托社交圈属性让广告得到多圈层的裂变式传播，同时，受众获得分发收益，以达到广告费用直接投放到受众的效果。	LOOK APP is a social media based APP distributing the mobile internet advertisement, which aims to fulfill a nontraditional allocation of advertisement expenditures. Where, the fissionable advertisement communication of multiple layers is possible by organically exposing the audiences to the advertiser's ideas and intentions and giving full play to the attributes of social circle. Thus, the revenues incurred by such distribution to audiences are available, with the advertisement costs effectively invested as expected.	http://www.51kanbei.com/
16	叁说优选				 叁说优选致力于为社会提供优选的健康食材，叁说人将秉承以产品为核心的经营理念，踏实做产品，用心去服务，通过点点滴滴的积累，聚集用户口碑 最终塑造一个让社会放心、被人们认可的优选健康食品品牌 	 Tripleory selected devote to provide selected healthy food material to the society Tripleorier will uphold the business philosophy that products is the core competitivenessTo make sure the product is excellent , and servicing the customers with heartThrough the accumulation of dribs and drabsGathering user’s praiseEventually shaping a selected healthy food brand that it will be accept by people and it will win the social trust 	
17	NodeSpace加速器网络	NodeSpace			NodeSpace加速器网络：国际化的创业加速器网络，以国际化的媒体报道、顶尖跨国大企业的行业资源、一流的资本支持以及XFounder创始人网络加速中国创新科技企业的发展。	NodeSpace：With the support of leading tech media，the close cooperation with transnational enterprises, the first-class venture capital support and backed by XFounder, the premier founders network ，the NodeSpace international accelerator network is aimed to accelerate the growth of the innovative technology companies across China	http://space.technode.com/
18	杭州堆栈科技有限公司	SegmentFault			SegmentFault 是中国领先的开发者社区及服务平台，旗下拥有技术问答、技术专栏、技术头条等开发者垂直领域的社区服务平台，自成立以来已经获得百万开发者的青睐，并获得 IDG 资本、软银赛富等顶级 VC 数千万投资。同时 SF 团队是目前中国最大的黑客马拉松组织方。	SegmentFault is the biggest Chinese Q&A community for developers, it provides a community and service platform that includes Q&A site, blogs, and technews. Now it has over 1,000,000 users with growing and got tens of millions investment from great VC partners such as SAIF and IDG Capital. And also it's the largest Hackathon organizer in China.	https://segmentfault.com/
19		SLASIFY PTE.LTD		 SLASIFY	Slasify打造下一个世代的工作模式，连接来自东南亚及大中华区的专家、企业和自由工作者，提供用户在平台上自由的组建项目团队及项目交付的能力。	Slasify provides interdisciplinary service via a platform that connects like minded entrepreneurs, freelances and technologists around the globe to enable virtual teams to work on individual projects or business ideas.	
20		Slush 			 2008年创立于北欧芬兰，Slush已成为当今最具国际影响力的科技创业投资平台之一。Slush大会每年都会在世界各地极具创业活力的城市举办，如赫尔辛基、东京、新加坡、北京和上海。Slush团队来到中国，将为火热的中国创业圈带来来自北欧的独特力量 	 Slush is the focal point for startups and technology talents to meet with top-tier internationalinvestors, executives and media.Born in Finland in 2008, Slush has grown from a local, 300-person event to become a series ofleading tech and startup events in the world. Slush global community events take place in the mostdynamic tech ecosystems in the world, such as Helsinki, Tokyo, Singapore, Beijing and Shanghai.The Slush community is in China to bring together the leading actors of the global tech scene, todrive business, and to experience the phenomenal atmosphere.With its nordic background, Slush aims to bring an unique energy into the startup culture in China,to connect the youth community and to build the leading international startup event in China. Nomatter where Slush happens, the philosophy is always the same: to help the next generation ofworld-conquering founders forward. 	http://shanghai.slush.org/
21		Ubuntu			Ubuntu Core是专为物联网所设计，拥有事务性更新，安全、稳定等特性，可以用在物联网的诸多领域，如无人机、机器人、智能网关、工业控制、园区监控系统。并且Ubuntu snap应用可以轻松解决开发者、OEM厂商在开发和部署中的问题。		http://www.ubuntu.org.cn/index_kylin
22	北京博瑞云飞科技发展有限公司	Beijing BriAir Technology Co., Ltd.			博瑞云飞是专注于轻小型智能无人机研发生产、销售服务，并提供轻小型智能空中机器人分行业解决方案的高科技企业。公司致力于将轻小型无人机打造成真正 能感知、会思考、可自主完成空中任务 的智能空中机器人。AIROBOY云童是其当前主打的首款无人机产品。	BriAir (Beijing BriAir Technology Co., Ltd.) is a high-tech company focusing on research, development, manufacturing, sales and services of light-small intelligent drones and providing solutions for segmented industry of light-small intelligent aerial robots. We are devoted to evolving light-small drones into intelligent aerial robots that  sense, think and complete missions automatically , creating  life  with warmth rather than cold machines, which embodies the company's mission of enabling more people to experience the joy and convenience of life and work brought by science and AI. 	
23	齿轮易创				齿轮易创通过规范流程和自动化管理为企业提供微信、APP、网页、后台管理等一站式开发服务。在过去6个月，我们为300+企业提供了服务，帮助律所、旅游、电商、教育等各个行业打造产品。我们希望重新定义技术外包行业。	Gear provides one-stop software development services for startups and offline businesses. Through standardizing development workflow and project automation, we hope offer a painless software outsourcing experience. We help clients go from idea to finished product through product design, UI/UX design, development, and testing phases. In the past six months, we’ve helped over 300 companies with WeChat, iOS, Android, and web projects. Our experienced team comes from top schools in US, UK, and China and has many years of product management and software development background.	http://chilunyc.com/
24	北京佳格				北京佳格天地科技有限公司是一家通过卫星和气象大数据收集、处理、分析和可视化系统，服务农业、环境、金融等行业的大数据应用公司	 Our company is specialized in big data application to provide solutions to the environmental and agricultural sectors through the collection, processing, analysis and visualization systems of big data for the environmental and agricultural sectors. 	http://www.gagogroup.com/
25	灵犀科技	Journey Technology			灵犀科技是家AR技术公司，团队致力于攻克制约AR的技术瓶颈。至今已在AR显示技术上获得了关键突破，通过轻薄如眼镜镜片的光学引擎，实现清晰、大视野的全息显示。灵犀聚集了最顶尖的AR显示科学家，核心团队来自世界顶尖高校实验室、Google、三星等。	Journey Tech is an AR technology start-up. We develop key enabling technologies for the ultimate AR devices, including optical, hardware and interaction technologies. The founding team come from top labs in Peking and Tsinghua University, and the team come from Google, Lennovo, LVMH, etc.	
26	凌宇智控	LYRobotix			凌宇智控是一家专注于空间定位技术的创新型公司，致力于为移动VR提供标准化的全沉浸式输入设备，解决移动VR至今难以逾越的交互难题。核心团队由哥大的法学博士、北京邮电大学的硕士博士、以及中科院的博士组成。	LYRobotix is an innovative company that focuses on spatial navigation and positioning technologies. Committed to developing the definitive, 'standardized,' fully immersive VR input system, weaspire to offer  strategies to the many unresolved challenges that currently pervade the Mobile VR scenes. 	http://www.lyrobotix.com/
27	中细软	ciprun			中细软，团队拥有专业知识产权服务人员1200余人，作为中国领先的知识产权科技服务云平台，其定位是为中国创新提供系统的解决方案与信息服务。致力于通过网络科技等手段，为政府知识产权行政管理、为企业、为个人智慧财产创造、运用、保护和管理提供高质量的解决方案。	 Beijing CIPRUN MOBILE INTERNET TECHNOLOGY Co. LTD (hereinafter referred to as CIPRUN Group), established in 2002, with more than 1200 employees, has a registered capital of 55,700,000 RMB. CIPRUN Group is a leading comprehensive technology cloud service platform for intellectual property in China, is a National High-tech enterprise, a China Double Software Certified enterprise and a Zhongguancun Gazelle enterprise. CIPRUN Group is committed to providing systematic solutions and information service for Chinese intellectual industries, and providing high quality solutions for public administration of intellectual property for the government, and solutions to creation, operation, protection and management of the intellectual wealth for enterprises and individuals.  	http://about.gbicom.cn/
28	北京悠悠科技有限公司	Beijing yoyo Technology Co., Ltd.			MVP01成立于2014年，致力于为企业提供品质可控、体验卓越的专业技术人才派遣（兼职／远程）、项目开发服务。有效解决用户招募专业技术人才成本高、周期长、管理难度大等问题，满足企业技术人才需要。	Founded in 2014, MVP01 dedicated in on-demand IT staffing service. Customers are provided with a growing talent pool of pre-screened and pre-priced top freelancers/ moonlighters and are supported by an on-line cooperating/booking/charging system. This staffing service is aiming to reduce the cost and amount of time invested in IT talent recruiting and management, and enable customers with corresponding abilities and skills. In all, MVP fulfilled the need for  IT talent with excellent experiences.	
29	奇幻工房	Wonder Workshop	达奇&达达机器人	Dash& Dot	奇幻工房出品的风靡全球的编程机器人达奇&达达，透过互动游戏的方式，指导小朋友们通过自己编写命令脚本来控制机器人的行为，探索程序所带来的各种可能性，提升孩子们解决问题的能力，点燃孩子对程序的热情与好奇心。	Wonder Workshop's award-winning Dash & Dot are smart robots for curious minds! Targeted at teaching creative problem solving and computational thinking through playing, Dash & Dot help students learn fundamental cognitive processes relevant to all 21st century skills that they'll carry on throughout life.	https://www.makewonder.com/dash
30	北京小鱼儿科技有限公司	Beijing Xiaoyuer Technology Co., Ltd	小鱼在家/小鱼办公/小鱼易连	Xiaoyu Home/Xiaoyu Office/XYLink	北京小鱼儿科技有限公司（www.zaijia.com）于2014年3月成立，是一家致力于研发互联网硬件和智能家电的创新型公司。核心团队来自Polycom、微软、YY、百度、用友等；公司在创立之初就获得了光速安振和创新工场的A轮投资。	Founded in March 2014 in Beijing, Beijing Xiaoyuer Technology Co.,Ltd (www.zaijia.com) is an innovative company dedicated to research and development of smart hardware and intelligent home appliances.	http://www.zaijia.com/
31	北京野兽科技有限公司	SpeedX Co,Ltd.		SpeedX	野兽是一家专注打造顶级智能运动自行车的公司, 拥有超过20年的研发、生产及销售经验，全力打造最具科技感的骑行品牌。产品包括全球首款碳纤维智能运动自行车、智能中控、骑行者社区APP等。先后获得近亿元人民币融资。	SpeedX is a company devoting into top-level smart cycling product industry, which  has more than 20-year experience in research&development\manufacture and sales making full efforts to build the scientific and technological cycling brand. SpeedX has the products including the first carbon fiber smart bicycle、smart control、cyclist community and cycling APP etc.  SpeedX successfully obtained more than 100 million RMB financing support.	https://en.speedx.com/
32	北京优才创智科技有限公司	Beijing Ucai Technology Co. Ltd	优才学院		 优才学院，旨在培养优秀的互联网核心岗位人才，以互联网和移动互联网研发人才需求为切入点，通过扎实知识基础、锻炼专业技能、提升职业素养，全面提升人才的核心竞争力。优才学院集结业界最优秀的讲师和大牛顾问，倾心设计了横跨初、中、高级的全套课程体系，针对即将进入职场的学生和在职提升人群及互联网企业，提供一流的O2O教育和人才服务！优才，构建以教育为核心的互联网人才生态！ 	 UCAI, in order to cultivate excellent talents to the needs of post core Internet, Internet and mobile Internet research and development talents as the breakthrough point, through the solid foundation of knowledge, training professional skills, enhance occupation accomplishment, enhance the core competitiveness of talents.UCAI, build the industry's most outstanding lecturer and consultant for Daniel, design a full set of courses across the early, middle and senior, to enter the job market for students and working people and enhance the Internet enterprises, to provide first-class O2O education and talent service!UCAI,construction of education as the core of the Internet talent ecology! 	
33	股书	Kapbook			 股书（Kapbook.com）是国内第一个股权激励在线管理工具，从建立计划、发放期权直至后续管理，提供完整的股权激励解决方案。与传统股权激励管理方式相比，股书让股权激励变得长效、便捷、经济。 	Kapbook (Kapbook.com) allows companies—from seed stage to pre-IPO—to establish and manage ESOP (Employee Stock Ownership Plan) electronically. Our mission is to help companies maximize value and growth.	http://www.kapbook.com/
34	广州影美晴信息科技有限责任公司	Guangzhou Inmagine Information Technology Company Limited.		123RF	123RF是全球知名的免版税 (ROYALTY-FREE) 创意素材库，向您提供海量的商用或编辑用的照片，矢量图，视频及音频脚本。创建于2005年，现今已成为全球领先的素材供应平台，在全球7大洲拥有多个分支机构及专业的团队。超过100,000多位创意工作者向123RF源源不断地输送优秀的作品，每天向全球客户提供多达60,000份的全新素材,让我们在这快速发展的领域能持续保持进步。	123RF is a royalty-free digital media library that offers a wide variety of budget-friendly commercial and editorial images, video footage, audio clips and illustrations. From its humble beginnings in 2005, 123RF now ranks as the leading global provider of content.	
35	回车科技				 回车科技是国内第一批研发消费级脑电产品的企业，在单导干电极脑电领域拥有核心技术优势，技术团队成员均来自于浙大等高校相关实验室，掌握着脑电领域最先进的科学技术。公司旗下“回车”品牌旨在向大众传达“智能温暖你的生活”理念，研发各类智能可穿戴用品，致力将健康和快乐带给每一个人。 	In April 2014, Hangzhou Enter Electronic Technology Co, Ltd.was founded, and the company is committed to producing and applying human health data of health and bringing happiness to everyone. Technical members of the company are from relevant laboratories of Zhejiang University and other colleges. As one of the first domestic consumer EEG product R & D team, they have core technology in the single-lead dry electrode EEG field.Enter Electronic Technology Company’s “Enter” brand is designed to convey the concept of “Intelligence warms your life” to the public, and mainly engages in R & D and manufacturing of intelligent wearable products.	https://www.entertech.cn/
36	杭州市虚现科技有限公司	KATVR			KATVR全名杭州虚现科技有限公司。KATVR独立研发KAT SPACEVR万向行动平台，是全球三大专业ODT之一，也是全球首款无束缚VR万向行动平台，解决了虚拟现实内容中角色移动无法避免的 三大难点 （模拟晕动症、空间受限、安全隐患）。	KAT is a world's leading VR hardware company with independent R&D capabilitiies. They are devoted to offer a much more complete immersive VR experience. They are the developer of the KAT SPACE VR treadmill (one of the world's three best ODT products) . Follow KAT to understand the positive role that VR treadmills are playing in virtual technology, electronic sports, and many other industries, and to catch the latest news about KAT.	http://www.katvr.com/
37	嘉兴安尚云信信息科技有限公司	Anchora			 Anchora基于领先的技术打造专业开放的企业级PaaS云平产品MoPaaS，助力企业用户实现应用的快捷交付以及计算资源的动态调配管理, 帮助企业简化IT基础设施和应用的管理运维成本，增强业务交付能力来提高企业的市场竞争力。客户分布在金融保险、能源、制造业、交通运输、IT企业、电子商务、电子政务、智慧城市，以及孵化器和高校等行业和领域。 	 Anchora/MoPaaS is a leading PaaS provider in China, It provides MoPaaS enterprise cloud platform solutions and services. MoPaaS facilitates flexible management and dynamical allocation of containerized computing resources as well as agile continuous application delivery through streamlined app life-cycle management. MoPaaS was named as a strong performer in China enterprise cloud performance market in 2015 by Forrester, and it was the highest ranked one among the independent cloud platform service providers. 	http://www.mopaas.com/portal.jsp
38	前辈	Masters 			「前辈」是一个连接问题和答案，连接用户和专业人士的沟通平台。用户与前辈约定时间和价格，一对一请教，得到个性化解决方案，结识前辈。前辈利用碎片时间帮助他人，实现专业技能分享与变现，提升个人品牌和价值。	Masters is an online platform where users can easily connect to experts specialized in different fields, ranging from tech support, laws, make-up to music.Users can negotiate the price and set the time for each consulting session with an expert. Each session is conducted one on one via the phone.	
39	科创365	kechuang.cn			科创365（kechuang.cn）是科众三六五科技股份有限公司出资1亿元人民币、由英国归国博士团队打造的中国领先的科技成果转化综合服务平台。平台以互联网大数据技术为驱动，汇集国内外一流资源，为科技成果转化提供全方位服务。	kechuang.cn (kechuang 科创 in Chinese stands for Technology & Innovation) is aimed to be the leading big data-driven platform for the transformation of scientific and technological achievements and intellectual property (IP). kechuang.cn is founded by a group of PhD who returned from UK, with registered capital RMB 100 million.	http://kechuang.cn/
40	拉勾网	Lagou.com			拉勾网是中国最大的互联网职业发展平台，专注于服务工作3年以上的互联网从业者。拉勾网上线3年以来，始终倡导“薪资透明”、“投递必有反馈”，已成为互联网企业引进优秀人才的首选服务平台。	Lagou.com is a vertical recruitment website designed for those who have worked in internet industry for 3 to 10 years, providing large numbers of job information. Focusing on providing more humanized and more professional services to job seekers, Lagou.com also helps companies to save time and cost in looking for excellent employees. Lagou.com is dedicated in helping IT professionals to make better choices, leading them to become smarter and smarter every time when confronting occupational choices.	Lagou.com
41	数据棱镜	lengjing.io			通过数据棱镜，分析师可以是实时了解结构化的创投公司信息，所关注领域的市场饱和度，以及该公司竞品的发展现状和关联实体（人，企业，投机机构等），为行业研究、公司以及产品的深度调研提供最有价值的和持续的支持。		lengjing.io
42	国安龙巢	Guoan Longchao (Peking) Science & Technology Investment Co., Ltd			国安龙巢（北京）科技投资有限公司依托中信国安集团海量资源，联合产业伙伴，为具有创新意识、项目基础和可行商业模式的创业团队提供良好的工作空间、网络空间、社交空间和资源共享空间，建立完善产业生态圈。	Guoan Longchao (Peking) Science & Technology Investment Co., Ltd relies on rich resources of CITIC Guoan Group. We cooperate closely with industry partners to provide an excellent work space, internet space, social space and resources sharing space for those entrepreneurs who have a creative mind, project basis and a feasible business model at their initial stage to start a business. Based on the above, We will build up and improve industrial ecosphere for start-ups.	http://www.galongchao.com/#1
43	钛方科技	TaifangScience			北京钛方科技公司是一家专注于大尺寸触摸技术及相关设备研发的公司。公司研发的触摸桌具有纯平表面、美观大方、不受环境光及灰尘和油污影响、可以放置任何物体等优点。目前已有国内外多家餐厅、咖啡厅及家庭用户订购。	Beijing TaifangScience and Technology Ltd. is focused ontouch recognition of large size device and related device development. The company has developed the smart touch table with a flat surface, fantastic looking, free from ambient light、dust and oil pollution, could be put on any stuff and other advantages. At home and abroad it already hasorders from a number of restaurants, cafes and home users.	
44	未来智创	Fujian Future Intelligent Manufacture and Environmental Protection Technology co., LTD.			福建未来智创环保科技有限公司专注于研发、生产、销售新型集成建筑，拥有20多项技术专利。集智能化、信息化、网络化为一体；融合环保，节能，艺术，智能等创新元素；创造未来集筑空间新价值。可应用文创、旅游等领域。	Fujian Future Intelligent Manufacture and Environmental Protection Technology co., LTD.    The company focuses on the development, production and sale of novel integrated buildings and owns more than 20 patents. We aim to create a new value of future building space by combining intelligence, information and network and adding some new creative topics such as environment protection, energy saving, arts and intelligence. Our products can be used in plenty of fields like cultural and creative industry, tourism and so on.	
45	细推科技	PROBINGSCIENCE (Being) Technology Inc.			北京细推科技有限公司是一家中国领先的、拥有自主知识产权的针对嵌入式产品、生物识别技术等方面进行研究、开发和生产为一体的高科技公司。细推科技指静脉生物识别技术及产品通过人体内部指静脉特征准确辨识身份，让身份识别更安全更智能。	PROBINGSCIENCE (Being) Technology Inc. is a company dedicated to developing and research, manufacturing and distributing products or solutions on biometric authentication and embedded system building. We are focusing on finger vein authentication recognized as the most accurate and advanced technology of biometric industry. Anyone can be uniquely and instantly identified by simply placing a finger on our device, without fear of forgery or identity theft, and without any complicated process or password memorization. We’re developing different devices and system to make people’s identification and businesses authorization more secure, fast and comfortable. It is a great innovation, with our latest finger vein authentication technology, the future of our world will be changed. 	http://www.xituichina.com/
46	美科科技	Microduino Inc.			美科科技成立于2012年，是尺寸最小的积木式智能硬件Microduino和mCookie的发明者。团队创始人王镇山、冯斌、潘可佳、李溪、陈昊分别来自清华、复旦、交大、UCSD等名校，团队成员目前超过50人，服务于超过5万名来自全球五大洲的用户。依靠完整的产品功能系列、创新的模块化技术和产品、《MIX美科创新方法论》课程体系以及《mSpace创客空间建设》等理论，美科已经成为领先的创客教育内容载体，在物联网基础设备、电子设计基础设备和创意创造方面表现突出。	Microduino, Inc. is an international company of makers and creators aimed at bringing easy-to- use electronics hardware to makers, designers, engineers, students and curious tinkerers of all ages and levels. Microduino presents the world’s smallest series of Arduino-compatible smart modules that are small, flexible, stackable and powerful, and can be used to create a limitless amount of DIY projects. Founded in 2012 by five friends, Microduino has grown into a company of 50 across 	https://www.microduino.cn/
47	徐州木牛流马机器人科技有限公司	OXPONT ROBOT			徐州木牛流马机器人科技有限公司致力于双足关节类人形机器人的研究、开发、制造和销售，自成立以来，已经研发出的人形舞蹈机器人、艾倍特智能服务机器人。木牛流马致力于推动中国智能人形机器人的发展，将智能人形机器人推向中国的每一个家庭。	Oxpont Robot Technology Co.,Ltd was founded in 2014. It’s a emerging technology company which focuse on joint robot product development, production and sales。The founding team has been operating successfully in CUMT for two years before formally established，and accumulated a lot of talent and a wealth of entrepreneurial experience. In 2014, the founding team graduated. They set up a company settled in Xuzhou City University Students' Pioneering Park.	
48	朋友印象	PengYouYinXiang	朋友印象	PengYouYinXiang	朋友印象是一款由软银和腾讯联合投资的下一个千亿美金级别社交软件。朋友印象打通了熟人社交和陌生人社交的界限，通过朋友之间共同写就的人生传记来揭示每个人的全景信息，从而让人与人之间的社交更加透明化和高效。	PengYouYinXiang is the next trillion-dollar level social application, with investment from the Softbank and Tencent. PengYouYinXiang breaks the boundaries between social acquaintances and strangers. By means of biography co-written by the owner and his friends, PengYouYinXiang presents a panorama of each person, thereby improving the transparency and efficiency of social activities.	http://www.pyyx.com/
49	热拉	Rela	热拉	Rela	 Rela 热拉(曾用名：the L热拉)是一款全球范围的拉拉交友app，也是中国第一款基于地理位置的les群体专属移动社交产品，2012年11月上线后在全球范围内广泛推广。截至目前，Rela热拉已经有 近500万注册用户，月活 180 万、日活 50 万，其中 90% 的注册用户来自中国大陆地区，剩下 10% 为海外用户（主要集中在东南亚地区）。 		http://www.thel.co/en/home.html
50	影子智能	Shanghai Yingzi Smart Technology Co., Ltd.	看我	look me	看我可以为用户创造逼真好玩的个人3D形象，对3D形象进行精致丰富的脸部塑型、随心所欲的体型调整、有趣时尚的虚拟试衣，还能创造独特动感的表情包，写真集噢！好玩有趣，时尚实用，就在看我。	look me--- a true mini-me in my phone.virtual but real : easy and precise adjustments on face and body, plenty of hairstyles and clothing for virtual try on ...tons of fun : me-emoji, avatar chatting, avatar games ... shuttling freely between real and virtual Look me, in a fantastic virtual world.	http://www.lookme.net.cn/
51	鳍源科技	fifish			深圳鳍源科技有限公司是一家专注于海洋探索的科技创新公司，通过互联网理念和现代科研力量构建全新的海洋商业模式，系列产品主推消费及轻工业市场。公司以研发销售水下机器人为硬件载体，搭载互联网内容平台，聚集来自世界各地的好奇者，开拓神秘未知的海底视野。	Shenzhen Qi Yuan Technology Co. Ltd is a science and technology innovation company focuses on ocean exploration. We aim to build a brand new ocean business model through the combination of internet concept and modern scientific research development. Consumer market and light industrial market are two major markets for current series of products. With the development and promotion of underwater robot as the hardware base, we also mean to create an internet content platform to gather around ocean enthusiasts from all over the world to explore the mysterious and unknown underwater world.	
52	易马达科技	Immotor Inc.			Immotor Inc. (易马达科技有限公司) 致力于研发、生产和销售全球领先的便携式个人交通工具，智能环保动力电池组和动力辅助系统； Immotor希望为全世界的用户提供轻便、时尚、环保及高效能的智能个人出行和绿色能源使用体验；	 Immotor Inc. is committed to leading global development, production and sales of the intelligent,portable,personal transport systems, with interactive and dynamic battery packs and programmable power sequences. Immotor’s vision is to provide a range of unmatched personal transport, providing zero emissions and promoting cleaner energy, while offering quality design, intelligent riding, extreme portability, and safe and easy use.  	
53	十一街	11 Street			 十一街是一家位于厦门的大数据企业。通过鞋服领域的配型服务，获取、积累人体大数据；通过二次挖掘、管理体型数据，升级现有鞋服产业的数据化智能化制造的体系，同时通过海量数据及用户的连接做跨界多维增值服务。并采用SOYA 鞋服合体配型算法和电子体围尺、三维体型/脚型扫描仪采集体型、脚型数据。理念：人人数据，人人挖商业逻辑：以应用换连接，每个人都是移动的数据库。 	 11 Street, a big data company located in Xiamen. By the means of the shoes & clothes matching services, Acquisition  and accumulation the big data of human body; through the second data  mining, management of body data, upgrade the existing shoes & clothes industry to intelligent manufacturing system according to data, at the same time through huge amounts of data and the user connection do crossover multidimensional value-added services. Using SOYA shoes & clothes fit/match algorithm and iMatch ruler, three-dimensional / foot scanners acquire  body size, foot data.Concept: Everyone has the data, everyone participate in business, using  APP  for the connection one by one, everyone is a mobile database. 	
54	听云	NetworkBench.Inc			听云是国内最大的应用性能管理（APM）解决方案提供商，拥有听云App、听云Network、听云Server、听云Browser、听云Sys等重要产品线。提供真实用户体验视角下移动客户端、服务端与网络的性能监控与管理。	Tingyun is a leading nationwide provider of application performance management(APM) solution, and also the only Chinese enterprise recognized in Gartner 2015 Magic Quadrant for Application Performance monitoring. Tin-gyun offers 5 major products, which include Tingyun App, Tingyun Network, Tingyun Server, Tingyun Sys and Tingyun Browser. Based on real-time monitoring Mobile Client- Server- Network, Tingyun has capability to help cli-ents to find out complex performance issues, such as crashes, errors, poor code quality, slow interaction, API calls failed and network errors.	http://www.tingyun.com/
55	微链	WeiLian			要融资，上微链。微链，一个专注于创业的社交平台，超过400,000的创业者都在用。目前微链上已有1300多位认证的真实投资人，入驻知名机构500多家，已收录80,000+项目，日均投递BP数达3000多次，已帮助100+个项目完成近5亿融资。	To fiance, Go Weilian.Weilian, a professional start-up social platform.More than 400000 entrepreneurs’ choices;Weilian has 1300+ authentic investors, 500+ well-known institutions, 80000+ start-up projects and more than 3000 daily BP submissions. So far, Weilian has helped 100+ projects win more than 5 hundreds million investment.	http://www.welian.com/
56	轻停网络	Beijing ParKonect Network Tech Co. Ltd	轻停盒子	IPMS	轻停网络致力于成为全球领先的企业级物联网平台服务企业，从智能停车行业切入，构建物联网神经中枢。通过云+端架构，集成IT、OT等本地系统及智能硬件，打造轻模式、全连接、生态化的平台解决方案。	 ParKonect (a.k.a. QT Parking) is an IoT enterprise solution provider. We aim to build an IoT nerve center, starting with providing connectivity, integration and application services to car parks.Our innovative cloud-base IoT solution (including IoT gateway “Metis BOX”, and PaaS “QT-Cloud”), ParKonect provides OTT enterprise service suite “Intelligent Parking Management Service (IPMS)” to both property owners and government decision makers, while enabling car owners to book a parking space in advance via Wechat.ParKonect has a team of top-notch smart city experts, engineers, and business professionals from Fortune 500 Companies and top universities. ParKonect has won over trust and backing from many leading players in the real estate business in China such as Swire Properties, China Resources, Beijing Tourism Group, Bloomage International, and also worked with different partners building city-scale smart parking platform in Wuhan, Tianjin and Chongqing. 	
57	普林科技	PrinceTechs	大数据建模分析与数据价值运营平台	Big Data Analysis and Data Value Mining Platform	普林科技是一家专注于大数据建模分析，并为客户提供数据价值运营服务的高新技术企业。普林科技运用数据挖掘和机器学习技术，为金融、政企、健康医疗、教育等机构客户提供基于大数据资源、技术和思维的决策辅助服务与整体解决方案，帮助客户实现业务的数据驱动，提升运营效率。	PrinceTechs is a total solution provider focusing on big data modeling and analyzing. Based ondata mining and machine learning technologies,we help achieving data-driven business of our clients, covering financing, governmental, medical and educational institutions.	http://www.princetechs.com/
58	轻元科技	Qingyuan Tech 	轻元容器云平台	Qingyuanos	轻元科技是由微软Azure创始研发团队回国创立的企业云方案提供商，致力于将全球领先的云计算技术在国内落地为稳定可靠的商用技术，为中国客户提供自主、安全和可靠的云计算平台和解决方案	Qingyuan Technology Co., Ltd is founded by Microsoft Azure ex-R&Ds. We are willing to to provide independent, secure and reliable cloud-computing Platforms and Solutions for Chinese Enterprise customers and partners.	http://www.qingyuanos.com/a-index.html
59	上海影创信息科技有限公司	Shadow Creator Information Technology Co., Ltd	影创Halomini、影创Air 	Halomini、Air Glass	影创科技成立于2014年8月，是一家专注于AR智能眼镜整体解决方案的高科技企业，公司的产品有：“影创Halomini”、“影创Air”、“影创HALO”、“影创NANO”等多款智能眼镜。	Shadow Creator, founded in August 2014, is a high-tech company specialized in developing both hardware and software for smart glasses. The products of our company are kinds of augmented reality smart glasses such as  Halomini , Air Glass ,  Shadow Creator HALO  and  Shadow Creator NANO .	
60	艾普科技	Appus Technology Limited			艾普科技建立的在線交流平台OMyCar，讓在線車主即可時分享各類型交通路況資訊。我們的目標市場為覆蓋了400億美元的東南亞大都市。未來，OMyCar將利用大數據分析技術，通過分析路況信息以及車主的駕駛行為，建立一個立體多維模型。	Appus Technology Limited builds an always-connected platform delivering up-to-the-minute crowd-sourced traffic and other essential information to connected drivers. Commencing its operation from Hong Kong in 2014, the Company has quickly achieved a download rate exceeding 63,000 for its initial product, the OMyCar app. Our expansion plan includes metro cities in Southeast Asia that are currently worth USD 40B (and growing) with over 175M registered vehicles. 	
61	香港数码港管理有限公司	Hong Kong Cyberport Management Company Limited			数码港为一个创意数码社区，云集近 800 家社区成员，并由香港特别行政区政府全资拥有的香港数码港管理有限公司所管理。数码港的愿景是缔造科技企业传奇，并成为环球创新以及领先科技枢纽。数码港一直致力专注培育数码科技界的初创公司及企业家、推动协作以集中资源及缔造商机，以及推行策略发展计划及合作以促进数码科技普及化，藉此推动本地经济发展。	Cyberport is a creative digital community with close to 800 community members. It is managed by Hong Kong Cyberport Management Company Limited which is wholly owned by the Hong Kong SAR Government. With a vision to build a legacy of entrepreneurial excellence that establishes Cyberport as a leading global innovation and technology hub, Cyberport is committed to facilitating the local economy by nurturing digital industry start-ups and entrepreneurs, driving collaboration to pool resources and create business opportunities, and accelerating digital adoption through strategic initiatives and partnerships.	http://www.cyberport.hk/en
62		Deal N Ship			DealnShip是一个销售中高价美国商品的电子商业平台。透过自家研发的软体，我们能准确把握市场资讯，锁定美国现下最流行的单品；用闪存交易的方式，将其以全亚洲最低廉的价格转售中国及香港买家，薄利多销，取得先机。	We are a unique flash deal e-commerce site that focuses on big ticket items that are up to 50% discounted from typical prices in Asia.  Our uniqueness derives from our proprietary software that identifies trending product deals in the US.  Armed with that important deal information we are able to procure specific products at a tremendous arbitrage opportunity from our established US supply chain network.  This allows us to be a highly specialized e-commerce retailer with the lowest prices in Asia. 	https://www.dealnship.com/
63	巧课力	Chocoo			巧课力－最智能的早教行业管理解决方案，我们提供的不仅仅是一个工具，而是一套顶级早教机构的管理理念，充分利用机构资源，产生最大化盈利。“巧课力”为您提供了满足管理层、市场、销售、客服、老师、财务等一系列角色所需要的基础管理功能，并希望在这些功能之上，更加智能的为你解决日常管理工作的问题。	Aimed at early education institutes, Chocoo – a leading membership management solution offers a user-friendly online platform that facilitates membership recruitment and courses scheduling, records and tracks student attendance, and tallies the number of new students among other functions.  	
64		HITA		HITABOX	HITABOX是一個音樂版權授權及擁有播放技術的平臺，有著成熟的OTT 傳播技術，通過在零售店鋪的循環串流傳播技術， 把不同的優質獨立音樂分享給消費者，同時在零售店人流中播放廣告從而為音樂人，零售店及HITA帶來收益。華潤旗下的零售店亦已成為試點客人，現時HITABOX已達至每月60萬人流的成績。	HITA (Hands In the Air), represents the connection between people and independent music, a multi-awards winning music/entertainment/ad-tech company. Our mission is to connect independent music to people through our uniquely positioned licensing and distribution channels.	
65	越世代创新媒体集团	iGen6 Digi-Marcom Ltd.		iGen6	iGen6由屡获殊荣的团队成立，并获颁多项奖项的「六维iGen6agon」，配合本司策略性O2O咨询、市务传讯服务、顾客关系管理服务等. 获授奖项包括: 《红鲱鱼》2015亚洲100创新企业、香港物联网大奖优异奖等。iGen6.com	iGen6 was founded by a group of award-winning team who are veterans in the relevant fields and created a brand-new value chain having innovatively integrated technology, marketing communication and an O2O service platform  “iGen6agon”.  Coping and integrating with our strategic O2O sales consulting, marketing communication,  customer service and licensing agent services, iGen6 has successfully established a brand-new business model and value chain to serve Asia’s clients of retail, service, food & beverage, entertainment and conglomerates.  In the past few years, iGen6 made remarkable achievements and was awarded by professional and reputable bodies, such as “Red Herring Top 100 in Asia”, Certificate of Merit in the Hong Kong Internet of Things Award, HK ICT Awards 2013 and Cyberport’s Creative Micro Fund (CCMF) as well as Incubation Programme recognitions.	http://igen6.com/
66		Keystone Technology Limited			我们公司的愿景是为视觉表现和未来的建筑体验带来革命性的转变。通过虚拟实境（VR）技术的应用，进一步拉近虚拟世界和现实的物理世界。我们致力将虚拟实境的科技应用成未来的设计規劃和销售流程中的无可取代的工具。	Our company’s vision is to revolutionize the visual representation and architectural experiences universally. Our Virtual Reality (VR) technology application in architecture is set to emerge as a powerful tool in shaping the workflow of design, by bringing the virtual sphere closer to our physical environment. Being at the forefront of an industrial trend, VR and Augmented Reality (AR) environments would be able to seamlessly gather and represent architectural information for property developers, designers and real estate agents. 	
67	海峽咨詢有限公司	Lynk			 海峡咨询公司是一个知识平台，致力于帮助大众寻找合适的专家以获得建议与深度见解。我们的目标是通过让世界各地的人们互相学习，使每个人都可以轻易的接触到知识。 	 Lynk is a platform dedicated to connecting people to the right experts for advice, insights, and knowledge.Our aim is to have people from all over the world teaching and learning from one another, making knowledge accessible by anyone. 	
68		Team More			Team More是为企业提供内容管理及日常沟通的公共流动平台，共提供九个基本模组，以解决企业的通讯需要。在短短3年间，Team More 已获多家亚太区企业支持，并获得香港资讯及通讯科技奖2015 (最佳中小企资讯科技大奖)及多项殊荣 。	 Team More, designed and developed by Play More Limited, is an award-winning Enterprise Mobility solution.Team More is a ready-to-go one-stop mobile platform to broadcast, to store and to retrieve different types of information within an enterprise or community. With Team More implementing mobility solutions to your organization is effortless. 	http://www.teammore.com.hk/
69		Quikspaces			Quikspaces是一个提供网上灵活租赁办公空间的平台。透过提供随时随地线上浏览所有空置办公室和会议空间的服务，我们冀望为办公空间创造共享经济。无论您正在为全新的初创企业寻找一个短期的合作空间，或者为不断扩充的专业服务公司寻找设施齐全的私人办公室，我们都能助您一臂之力。只需要几个简单的点击: 搜索、查看和预订，就能完成您下一个工作区的预约！	Quikspaces is an online marketplace for flexible workspace rentals. Our vision is to create a sharing economy for office space by eventually making all unused offices and conference spaces available online at any time. Whether you are looking for a short-term collaborative space for a brand new startup or a fully-furnished private office for a growing professional services firm, we've got you covered. Search, review and book your next workspace in a few simple clicks!	https://www.quikspaces.com/
70	奇焉有限公司	QWeUs Limited			由两位斯坦福大学校友创办，《奇焉》研发训练认知的手机应用程序。用户透过简单游戏,运用脑袋,保持脑部健康。为了让小孩在多方面成功, 本公司推出 (1)认知训练系列游戏 (2)基于此系列的个性化课程 (3) 以软件即服务(SaaS)形式帮助企业提供认知能力训练。	QWeUs was founded by 2 Stanford alumni and we help kids succeed in life. We improve kids’ cognitive abilities by applying relevant cognitive science principles. We offer (1) a suite of cognitive training mobile games, (2) a set of syllabus for schools and parents around these games and (3) Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) API for other developers to enable cognitive assessment & training functions in their educational products.	http://www.qweus.com/
71	秒投	StockFlash			 港股高手，就在秒投！领先的火爆港股社区，投资港股的首选！在秒投，港股高手会实时告诉你于什么价位看涨看跌港股，不再为买卖什么港股而烦劳！我们的大数据分析会实时告诉你股民动向，帮你提前了解市场风向！  港股大V、明星投顾、基金经理等已经入驻，你还在等什么？投资港股由秒投开始！秒投手机应用程式快将推出！快点关注我们的微信公众号：miaotouapp 	 StockFlash is the leading social network for Hong Kong Stock Market. In StockFlash, users will instantly know the trading ideas and deep market analysis from the good performing stock traders. Our innovative social data analysis can help users to perform equity research and market analysis form brand new angles. Today, we have already built up a very strong relationship with different key opinion leaders in the Hong Kong market, including well known fund managers, famous stock brokers and investment bloggers etc. StockFlash will be your first and only choice in Hong Kong Stock Market social platform. StockFlash will be launching its mobile application very soon! Stay with us on Facebook @ stockflashapp; or Wechat account @ miaotouapp. 	http://www.stockflashapp.com/
72	团信香港有限公司	TeamNote HK Limited			团信是个移动工作流管理工具, 以移动科技提供易于使用的功能,释放企业流动工作人员的生产力, 达到最高的工作效率。用户透过该软件全方位管理他们的工作、培训、文件和内部沟通等, 作出更佳的决定及更协调的合作。	 TeamNote is a mobile productivity application for companies, which aims at providing both employers and employees with the most effective means under secure environment to communicate and manage work on mobile devices anytime and anywhere.TeamNote supports iOS, Android and web clients, as well as the web-based admin portal. It facilitates the mobile workforce efficiency by delivering easy-to-use features for companies’ performances on various tasks. 	
73	世外桃源在線有限公司	Utopia Online Limited			 我們公司的使命，是透過互聯網科技和智能手機APP技術，創造和建造專為二十一世紀而設的O2O數碼教育平台，和其他數碼生活應用平台。我們這個時代的發明，例如網上銀行，網上支付平台，搜尋器，社交媒體，網上商店，網上視頻，已經把人類的社會帶入一個不可逆轉的資信科技革命，我們的聯繫、購物、宣傳、理財、接受資信的方式已經完全改變。在二十一世紀，人類社會將不會再受制於辦公時間、以及商品服務提供者的地域界限。 	 Our company is dedicated to, making use of web-based and smartphone apps technology, creating and building digital educational and other digital day to day platforms that is designed for the technology driven 21st Century.Inventions of our generation like e-banking, payment gateways, search engines, social media, online shops, video sharing platforms, has put us on a no-return information technology evolution on the way we connect, purchase, advertise, manage our finance, search and receive information. As more and more day to day activities and business activities are connected and drawn into the world-wide web and smartphone platforms, in the future, our society and economic activities will no longer be confined by office hour, or the locations of the offices of the commodities or service providers. 	
74	房大办公	Zoom Offices			房大办公是国内领先的弹性办公空间智能租赁平台，帮助国内和海外的中小微企业找到理想的办公空间。房大办公致力打造全新的线上租赁体验，用户可以直接与业主互动，获取100%真实报价和房源状态，线上虚拟看房，签订电子协议和付款。	 Zoom Offices is the real-time flexible office space platform helping businesses for their office space search in China and Asia.  Spaces for 1-50 staffs. Lease for 1 hour to 3 years. Users are able to: -review real-time office space listing-interact with office owners directly, not the agents -sign online using Zoom Offices License instead of complicated traditional lease-book & pay online Our team of local consultants is here to guide you all the way. And it's a 100％ free of charge platform! 	http://www.zoomoffices.com/
75	一度天使	AceBridge			AceBridge一度天使，中国最大的创投社群平台，基于天使合伙人资源共享模式帮助解决创业问题，打造成功商业模式。目前平台集聚超过300万用户，3500+金融投资机构，包括Top100PE/VC，形成金融投资引领的天使合伙人生态圈，资源涵盖投融资、法律、咨询、会计审计、广告传媒、猎头、创业服务等核心领域，并有1万多名董事长、CEO、创始人注册。	 The largest community of entrepreneurs and investors in China, aiming to help startups solve key issues and build successful business model. Services include CEO Union, Business solution, BP consultancy, Investment banking, Partner headhunting etc. 3 million users, 750k members, 3,500+ investment institutions, and 10,000+ CEOs/founders registered. 	
76	优友视界（北京）科技有限公司	Yoyo Visual World Co., Ltd.			Philm是全球首款实时风格化滤镜视频编辑器。运用视频黑科技，让平淡无奇的日常视频瞬间成为浓墨重彩的名家大作！实时滤镜让视频瞬间变成艺术大片，500+款海量动态贴纸随意选择，跟踪特效让你的生活妙趣横生！	Philm (pronounced “film”) is the world’s first Mobile App that provides artistic video filters via REAL-TIME “style transfer”.  It can transfer the artistic style of a famous painting or a film clip into your video in real time.  A second highlight of Philm is real-time tracking stickers.  Philm provides 100s of animated stickers, emojis, and call-outs that can accurately track any target object in your video.  By combining tracking stickers with artistic filters, Philm allows you to create a cool video in just seconds to express yourself, tell stories, and have lots of fun.	http://www.catchapp.cc/
77		BitMEX			BitMEX是一个交易平台，让散户投资者通过区块链及衍生工具进入全球金融市场。BitMEX能让任何人在任何地方都可以用上数字货币来买卖任何类型的金融资产。	 BitMEX is a trading platform that gives retail investors access to the global financial markets using the Blockchain and financial derivatives. BitMEX allows anyone anywhere the ability to trade any type of financial asset using digital currencies. 	
78	上海杰克斯网络科技有限公司	Jarkas Lab Limited	同道	Tongdao	同道是一个基于用户行为的自动化运营产品，通过同道，APP和网站可以跨平台、跨应用地掌握每一个用户的生命周期，自动发送个性化的应用推送、应用内消息、Email、短信。大幅提升用户活跃、留存和付费率。	Tongdao is a mobile marketing automation platform to help businesses better understand their customers across apps and engage them with personalized messages through the right channel at the right time. Tongdao currently supports Push Notification, Web Message, In-App Message, Email, SMS and social channels. 	http://www.tongdao.io/